you sure you're good yeah yeah I'm good
if I start to crap out I'll let you know
okay will you do that it's no trouble
how much further close get it close
you've been saying that every time I ask
please come I'm really starting to think
you're full of shit it can't be much
farther behind you Jesus Christ that was
close
fucker came out of nowhere that was real
loud
hopefully there aren't more of them yeah
well let's move we don't want to be
around to find out it's very close come
there that piece of shit is half built
we're here for the supplies not the
house yes forum fireplace
daddy warm it looks like it's empty
yes it's empty I thought so too
but now that he said that I'm not sure
if it ain't kids gonna wish it was how
we're just gonna walk over maybe there's
a way around I don't see any Moe's neeti
don't really an American asshole is
Sookie
look I know shit ice that's the problem
maybe we shouldn't come together we just
can't have too much weight she's right
we need to spread out just to be safe
let's wait the better let the russki go
first
since he's so confident Sookie
we're okay don't worry
we got some walkers behind us it's only
few of them should be alright let's just
get to the house hey stay with us fuck
that's two less to deal with just stay
spread out and we'll be fine
hey motherfucker shit he's gonna kill
him ah Kenny get back here you piece of
shit let you drown you piece of shit
well they made it
don't come over here
hey I can make it it's fine you sure
yeah
you got walkers on the way let me help
you man for both of us I just I just
gotta be careful stop I'm fine I'm fine
no you're not I just kind of pull myself
out of there
yeah Clem I'm working on it you need to
help no cleanser go through go hell no
we're playing us go back for him
you're light she topped you telling her
that flip look at me
pull out your gun and shoot ghosts and
walkers okay just give me a little time
claim you can make it but you need to go
Thanks
thanks I'll be out of sexist just keep
soon no no so much I got you
how the fuck did that happen
Jesus Christ
I'll look for something to start a fire
body and Luke which is fucking gone
Jesus